Halfway Home Walkthrough

INTRODUCTION
-Start a new game, and read through the opening scene, choosing your character's name and gender.
-A Scene will play introducing the player to Timothy and Max. You will be asked to chaperone 
Timothy around while Max looks for their keys.

DAY 1: TUTORIAL
-When the Map Screen appears, click on only available option: the cafe. You will get a scene explaining the 
cafe's function.
-When you return to the map screen, you will be presented with several options. Each room contains a 
non-linear scene, go through them in whatever order you prefer.
-When you arrive at the garden, after learning its function a hangman game will occur. The answer is "HOPE".
You do not need to succed at this game to continue.
-The other rooms contain scenes. Most choices are inconsequential and simply unlock different dialog paths.
-Once you've gone to every room, the Cafe will reopen. Go there for the Welcome Dinner scene.
-You will then return to the map again. Go to your bedroom to finish the day.

DAY 2 - 6
-You will be promted to either sleep in or get up. Getting up will make it easier to get a special scene with
Charlotte, but sleeping in will restore more fatigue. You are no longer on rails! Go to various rooms to
gain social stats or manage your wellbeing stats. Special scenes for this range are outlined below:

TIMOTHY SCENE 1 (Courtside):
Prerequisites: None
Location: Garden
Time(s): Days 2 and 3 from 3pm to 7pm (all times are inclusive)
Notes: For best outcome, take a break when Timothy asks.

TIMOTHY SCENE 2 (Passion):
Prerequisites: None
Location: Garden
Time(s): If Courtside completed on Day 2, Day 3 from 3pm to 7pm. Otherwise, Day 4 from 3pm to 7pm.
Notes: Player needs 3 Awareness to get the best outcome Week 1, which is impossible without cheats.

TIMOTHY SCENE 3 (Open Letter)
Prerequisites: None
Location: Commons
Time(s): Day 5 from 3pm to 6pm.
Notes: Player cannot get full scene until Week 2 (not in demo).

CHARLOTTE SCENE 1 (Empathy):
Prerequisites: None
Location: Library
Time(s): Days 2, 3, and 4 from 8am to 10am or from 1pm to 3pm.
Notes: Accept Charlotte's invitation to unlock her second scene.

CHARLOTTE SCENE 2 (Lessons):
Prerequisites: Charlotte Scene 1
Location: Library
Time(s): The Day after Charlotte Scene 1 (Day 3, 4, or 5) at 2pm
Notes: Player needs 3 Grace to get the best outcome Week 1, which is impossible without cheats.

EDUARDO SCENE 1 (Long Night Hangout):
Prerequisites: None
Location: Commons
Time(s): Day 3 from 12am to 6am.
Notes: Scene lasts entire duration. How much of the scene you see depends on how early you get there.

EDUARDO SCENE 2 (Morning Misery Talk):
Prerequisites: None
Location: Art Room
Time(s): Day 4 from 6am to 10am
Notes: Player needs 3 Expression to get the best outcome Week 1, which is impossible without cheats.

EDUARDO SCENE 3 (Cold Sky Hideaway):
Prerequisites: Long Night Hangout
Location: Garden
Time(s): Day 5 from 7pm to 11pm
Notes: Player needs 3 Grace to get the best outcome Week 1, which is impossible without cheats.

Other smaller scenes exist in this margin, but are not important enough to mention here.

DAY 7: CLIMAX
-Go to the Cafe at noon for an important scene with Timothy. There is no way to get a good outcome.
-Afterwards, do whatever you want until you are called back to the cafe for the final dinner.
-Return to bedroom after.
-In the bedroom, player character will reflect and sleep, waking up again on Day 1. 

DAY 1: AGAIN
-Repeat the Day 1 opening scene, meeting Timothy and Max again, but with a new perspective.
-Once the scene is over, the demo will end.